docs: add compatibility matrix for autoinstrumentation (#6707)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/opentelemetry-instrumentation/kubernetes.md

Reviewer: Let's update this images too in-line with the Image Tag mentioned in compatibility matrix

In the case of a Pod with multiple containers inside, you must specify additional annotation (`instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/container-names`), which will take a comma-separated list of the container names as its value. If annotation for multiple containers is not set, the instrumentation will be provided to the first container on the list.

## Compatibility matrix

> Auto-instrumentation images injected by Sumologic and their Runtime compatibility:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Auto-instrumentation images injected by Sumo Logic and their runtime compatibility:
```

* `java` - ghcr.io/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/autoinstrumentation-java:1.16.0
* `nodejs` - ghcr.io/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/autoinstrumentation-nodejs:0.27.0
* `python` - ghcr.io/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/autoinstrumentation-python:0.28b1

## Compatibility Matrix
| Language | Image Tag | Minimum Runtime Version |

> |----------|-----------|------------------------|

Reviewer 2: Left-align columns and sentence-case header, per style guide

```suggestion
## Compatibility matrix

| Language | Image Tag | Minimum Runtime Version |
|:---------|:----------|:-----------------------|
```
